
    A - The Magic Mushroom that you find in the Lost Woods has one purpose and 
one purpose only, to give it to the witch outside of the Magic Potion Hut in 
the northeast corner of Hyrule. Give it to her, and leave her alone for some 
time, and then go back to her. She'll give you the Magic Powder, which she made 
out of the Magic Mushroom. Pretty cool, I know.

*****

7.) Q - How do I get into the Desert Palace? That stone tablet reads as pure 
giberish.

    A - That pure giberish is actually the secret and sacred ancient language 
of the Hylian, and you need to translate it. To do that, you'll need to read 
this tablet at the entrance of the Desert Palace with the Book of Mudora 
equipped. For more on how to get the Book of Mudora, you can see the Items 
section, the walkthrough itself, or question number five of this FAQ.

*****

8.) Q - How do I upgrade my Boomerang and Shield?

    A - Surprisingly, not a lot of people know how to upgrade their Boomerang 
and Shield into the Magical Boomerang and Red Shield. While I cover it more in-
depth in the walkthrough section of this FAQ, the key is the Waterfall of 
Wishing, which you can access after getting the Power Glove and Flippers. For a 
precise location of the Waterfall of Wishing, you must see the walkthrough, but 
once in the cave there, offer the water your shield and Boomerang, and the 
fairy will give you upgraded versions of both back, which is good stuff, don't 
you think?

*****

9.) Q - How come I turn into a monster in the Dark World?

    A - You must have just gotten the Magic Mirror. Don't go playing with that 
thing until you're fully ready to, however! To keep your human form in the Dark 
World, you'll need the powerful aura of the Moon Pearl item, which is found in 
the big treasure chest in the Tower of Hera, the third and final Light World 
palace. Until you get it in your inventory, whenever you transport to the Dark 
World with the power of the Magic Mirror, you will be a monster.

*****

10.) Q - How come when I use the Magic Mirror, it transports me to the 
Light/Dark World temporarily, then automatically transports me back to the 
world I was just in?

     A - A complicated question perhaps, but it's not a complicated answer. The 
way the two world are programmed, they are completely different from each 
other. If you use the Magic Mirror at a certain coordinate in the Dark World 
trying to get back to the Light World, and in the Light World at that same 
coordinate is a mountain or some other obsticle, you won't be able to transport 
there. That's just the luck of the draw. That's why it pays to know where 
you're teleporting to and fro.

*****

11.) Q - In Hyrule Castle, there is a door blocked by this "energy"... how do I 
get through this energy?

     A - This "energy" blocking the door can only be destroyed by the Master 
Sword, so after you get the Master Sword, come back to this door. Beyond this 
door is a small dungeon, which at the end of it has the evil wizard himself, 
Agahnim, for you to fight.

*****

12.) Q - At the entrance of Hyrule Castle, whenever I walk through it, it 
transports me to the Dark World. Why is that?

     A - After you obtain the Magic Mirror from the old man in Death Mountain, 
this is the effect going through the gates of Hyrule Castle will have on you. 
If you need to get into the castle, you have to take the western entrance into 
the castle walls, or the secret entrance under the bush at the east end of the 
castle, that we took in the very beginning of the game to get into the castle's 
basement. This is primarily because the Pyramid of Power in the Dark World is 
located where the Hyrule Castle is in the Light World. Go figure.

*****

13.) Q - On the Pyramid of Power in the Dark World, there's a faulty wall that 
I should be able to bomb, but when I use a bomb on it, it doesn't work. What 
gives?

     A - This particular craked wall (and a few others around the Dark World) 
can only be shattered by use of the Power Bombs that you can buy at the Dark 
World Bomb Shop after a certain period in the game.

*****

14.) Q - How do I "halve" my magic meter use?

     A - After you get the Hammer from the Palace of Darkness, go to the 
Blacksmith's house, east of Kakariko Village in the Light World. To the east of 
the entrance to his house, smash the obstruction with your hammer, then go past 
it and jump into the hole below where you are standing. Go north through the 
cave door (when you land in the cave below), and use some Magic Powder on the 
shrine in front of you. A mysterious purple bat will fly out of the shrine, and 
allow you to use all magic spells, and other things, for half of the magic 
power it would usually take. It's a good thing to do, so make sure to NOT pass 
that up.

*****

15.) Q - How do I gain access to the Watergate Dungeon?

     A - The Watergate Dungeon can be tricky, because it seems impossible to 
get into. This isn't the case, however. If you enter into the dungeon, the only 
accessable part has a Sahasrahla plaque there. If you read it, the old wise man 
will tell Link that some things in the Light World carry over into the Dark 
World, and vice-versa. Take this as a cue to leave the Watergate Dungeon, use 
the Magic Mirror to get back to the Light World, and enter into the Watergate 
Dungeon equivelant in the Light World. There's a switch within (the righthand 
one) that will let the water flow again. Once the water flows, go back to the 
Dark World, and you'll be able to traverse the Watergate Dungeon at will.

*****

16.) Q - Can you get the Magic Cape without first acquiring the Titan's Mitt 
from Blind's Hideout?

     A - Yes, you certainly can. But I won't reitterate what I've said already. 
For more information, see the walkthrough section of the FAQ, right after the 
Watergate Dungeon's walkthrough, or you can see the Items appendix, and look at 
the Magic Cape on just what to do to get it "early."

*****

17.) Q - How do I get the Tempered Sword?

     A - The Tempered Sword is simple to get, it's surprising how many people 
don't even know that it exists in the game. Okay, here we go. First of all, 
don't attempt to get it unless you have the Titan Mitt... otherwise, it won't 
work. You won't even get past the first part, so you have to beat Blind's 
Hideout and get the Titan Mitt first. Okay, still with me? Good. To the south 
of the Village of Outcasts in the Dark World is a frog behind some skulls. Pick 
up the skulls (that can only be lifted after you get the Titan Mitt) and talk 
to the frog, who'll tell you he wonders how his partner is, then begs you to 
bring him to his partner. From there, equip the Magic Mirror and travel to the 
Light World. Then go north into Kakariko Village with the (now) man behind you, 
and go east, to the Blacksmith's house. When you enter the house, the 
blacksmith will thank you, as will the man, for reuniting them with each other, 
and offer to temper your sword. Leave the house and come back in, and they'll 
ask for ten rupees in exchange for a sword temper. Take the offer, and they'll 
take your sword. Wander around or do some sidequests for a few minutes, and 
then go back to the blacksmith, where they'll give you the Tempered Sword for 
saving them. Just keep in mind they're tempering your Master Sword, so while 
they're doing this, you'll be swordless.

*****

18.) Q - How do I get into the Ice Palace?

     A - It seems that when you swim to the Ice Palace in the Dark World, that 
there's no way to get within its castle walls, where the entrance to the palace 
depths lie. However, there is a way, so worry not. Equip the Magic Mirror and 
stand directly in front of the southern palace wall. Use the Magic Mirror to 
warp to the Light World, and you'll be in the water in Lake Hylia, in front of 
an island. From here, climb up the ladder onto the island, and pick up the dark 
green rock in front of you, which will reveal a warp back to the Dark World. 
Warp back to the Dark World using this rock, and you'll be within the castle 
walls. Then, all you have to do is walk north a bit to the entrance, and you'll 
be in the Ice Palace. See, it's simple!

*****

19.) Q - How do I find the entrance to the Misery Mire?

     A - Another simple question, which merits a simple answer. The Misery Mire 
is located in the middle of the Misery Swamp, the Dark World's equivelant of 
the Desert of Mystery. If you're there, you should have very little trouble 
finding the entrance of the Misery Mire. Go to the center of the swamp, to 
where there is a platform with a circle on it, which has a lightning bolt in 
it. This is the same symbol that symbolizes the Ether Medallion. Equip the 
Ether Medallion and stand on that symbol, and then use it. The entrance to the 
dungeon will now appear to your north. Have fun, 'cause Misery Mire sucks, even 
if it does have a cool name. =)

*****

20.) Q - When does the Super Bomb become available so I can blow the hole in 
the Pyramid of Power?

     A - After defeating the Misery Mire, go to the Bomb Shop of the Dark World 
(the Dark World's equivelant of Link's House), where you can buy the large, 
orange bomb for 100 rupees. From there, you'll have to drag it back to the 
Pyramid of Power for its desired use.

*****

21.) Q - If I fall into the holes around Ganon's lair in the Pyramid of Power 
during the last fight, where am I?

     A - Easy, my friend. You are within the Pyramid of Power. Just follow the 
linear path where it leads you, and you'll find yourself at the outside of the 
Pyramid of Power. From there, simply jump off of the pyramid, and work your way 
back to the hole at the top, where you can engage Ganon in battle once more.

*****

   /\                                                                     /\
  /__\===================================================================/__\
 /\  /\ XVIII  S E C T I O N   E I G H T E E N  |  C L O S I N G  XVIII /\  /\
/__\/__\===============================================================/__\/__\

Well my friends, it's time to close this guide out! =) I hope you found it very 
helpful... I very much enjoyed writing it. It was fun, as is the game, and I'm 
sure that it was/is/will be enjoyable for you as well. And hey, if you have 
game related questions, comments, suggestions - whatever, e-mail them my way, 
cmoriarty311@cs.com. And make sure to put Zelda SNES (or whatever game you're 
writing in on, I have twenty-four other guides), in the header as the topic, so 
I know what the hell you're talking about. =) Take it easy.
	
I'd like to take this chance to thank a friend of mine, Devin Morgan, a fellow 
FAQ writer on GameFAQs, for just being a good guy, a good friend, and someone I 
can talk to about everything. Thanks Dev. Thanks should also go out to other 
fellow FAQers, including Nemesis, flowerpot, MetroidMoo, AdrenalineSL, Psycho 
Penguin, Meowthnum1, et cetera.

One final thank you goes out, once again, to Astro Blue and Shdwrlm3, for 
offering me use of some of their formatting from their Zelda OoS/OoA FAQs, 
which I gladly accepted. Thanks guys!

Oh wait, that's not true. A big thanks goes out to Prima as well. Back in 1991, 
they released their unofficial guide for this game, when they were a widely 
unknown company. I thank them, and the author, Zach Meston, for writing it, 
because it gave me a lot of guidance when I was stuck. Thanks goes out to 
Prima! (go figure!)

ANOTHER thank you goes to Water Gemini from the Zelda: LttP message boards on 
GameFAQs, who helped me get the Magic Cape earlier than I should have! Thanks, 
man!

Also, thanks to Nintendo for making such a great game. The Instruction Manual 
that came with the game was a big help too. Thanks Nintendo!

Phew, and even MORE THANKS! Everyone at the Zelda:LttP Message Board on 
GameFAQs.com who helped me out with the secrets section of this FAQ... here 
they are... thanks to all! (in no particular order):

Water Gemini, DogDaySunrise, Corbow5, General Pepper, Mewothnum1, Starski, 
badreflector, master1kazooie, Zanapher, GreenGannon, and nephalim.

Without those eleven guys, the secrets section of this walkthrough would simply 
be mediocre, and not kickass! THANKS GUYS!


   /\                                                                     /\
  /__\===================================================================/__\
 /\  /\ XIX     S E C T I O N   N I N E T E E N  |  A B O U T...    XIX /\  /\
/__\/__\===============================================================/__\/__\

[accurate as of July 31, 2002]

I'm a 17 year old, and just graduated from high school. I live on Long Island, 
in New York, about half an hour from New York City. I play ice hockey, I worked 
at a deli, until recently, when I quit (^_^) and I love videogames, especially 
RPGs. My favorite series for videogames include the Final Fantasy series 
(excluding VIII), the Dragon Warrior/Quest series, the Mega Man series, and the 
Tales series. I aspire to go to Northeastern University in the fall of 2002 to 
study History and Law.

THANKS FOR READING!

This walkthrough is copyright (c) 2002 to Colin Moriarty (CMoriarty), e-mail 
cmoriarty311@cs.com. All rights reserved. Completely unofficial - Zelda and all 
related items copyrighted 1986-1991 to Nintendo Japan/US, all rights reserved!

http://www.gamefaqs.com/features/recognition/4280.html


